8.15.2 Release notes (#5843)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.15.asciidoc

[[release-notes-header-8.15.0]]
== 8.15

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.15.2]]
=== 8.15.2

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.15.2]]
==== Known issues

// tag::known-issue-189676[]
[discrete]
.Tags appear in Elastic AI Assistant's responses
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
On August 1, 2024, it was discovered that Elastic AI Assistant's responses when using Bedrock Sonnet 3.5 may include `<antThinking>` tags, for example `<search_quality_reflection>` ({kibana-issue}189676[#189676]).

====
// end::known-issue-189676[]

[discrete]
[[features-8.15.2]]
==== New features
* Automatic Import can now use sample input logs to identify log format types ({kibana-pull}190407[#190407]).
* Allows Automatic Import to use system logs with structured message bodies ({kibana-pull}191749[#191749]).

[discrete]
[[enhancements-8.15.2]]
==== Enhancements

> * {elastic-defend} now supports Ubuntu 24.04.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds Ubuntu 24.04 support for {elastic-defend}.
```

* Improves {elastic-defend}'s support of call stack module stomp detection in Windows 11 24H2 ({kibana-pull}192490[#192490]).
* Allows you to use the Google Gemini, OpenAI, and Azure OpenAI connectors with Automatic Import ({kibana-pull}191577[#191577]).
* Allows Automatic Import to use unstructured system logs ({kibana-pull}192817[#192817]).
* Displays error messages in Automatic Import when logs sample files don't successfully upload ({kibana-pull}191310[#191310]).
* Ensures that Automatic Import performs reproducible sampling from a list of log entries instead of truncating them ({kibana-pull}191598[#191598]).

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.15.2]]
==== Bug fixes

> * Doesn’t allow the Google Gemini connector to accept unknown properties in responses, which resolves an error that occurred when generating Attack discoveries ({kibana-pull}192915[#192915]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Prevents the Google Gemini connector from accepting unknown properties in responses, which resolves an error that occurred when generating Attack discoveries ({kibana-pull}192915[#192915]).
```

[[release-notes-header-8.15.0]]
== 8.15

[discrete]
[[release-notes-8.15.2]]
=== 8.15.2

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.15.2]]
==== Known issues

// tag::known-issue-189676[]
[discrete]
.Tags appear in Elastic AI Assistant's responses
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
On August 1, 2024, it was discovered that Elastic AI Assistant's responses when using Bedrock Sonnet 3.5 may include `<antThinking>` tags, for example `<search_quality_reflection>` ({kibana-issue}189676[#189676]).

====
// end::known-issue-189676[]

[discrete]
[[features-8.15.2]]
==== New features
* Automatic Import can now use sample input logs to identify log format types ({kibana-pull}190407[#190407]).
* Allows Automatic Import to use system logs with structured message bodies ({kibana-pull}191749[#191749]).

[discrete]
[[enhancements-8.15.2]]
==== Enhancements
* {elastic-defend} now supports Ubuntu 24.04.

> * {elastic-defend} now supports proxy configuration with {ls} output.

Author: This change was actually added in 8.15.1, so I'll remove it here and add it to the enhancements section of the 8.15.1 release notes. 

```suggestion
```
